Diagram: https://imgur.com/gallery/xqlnwNo

1. What is a server?
A server is a program or device that offers a service to another program or
device called a "client".

2. What is the role of a domain name?
A domain name is used to identify and access resources on the internet.

3. What type of DNS record is 'www' in www.foobar.com?
It is a CNAME record. In this case, it maps the 'www' subdomain to the domain
name foobar.com.

4. What is the role of the web server?
The web server handles HTTP requests. It listens for incoming HTTP requests.
When it receives an HTTP request, it processes it and responds with an 'HTTP
response'. It processes requests by serving requested web content (or pages) to
clients directly (if static), or by delegating generation of requested content
to some other server-side technology such as an application server or a script.

5. What is the role of the application server?
The application server serves business logic (i.e. pricing lookup, user data
update, etc) to it's "clients". These 'clients' could include client
application, a web server or even other application serers.

6. What is the role of a database?
In the context of my web infrastructure, the role of the database is to store
relevant data associated with the website, and to facilitate easy access,
retrieval, updation, management and security of the data.

7. What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user
requesting the website? 
The server uses HTTP to communicate with the computer of the user requesting
the website.

ISSUES WITH THIS INFRASTRUCTURE
1. SPOF: The server is a single point of failure, if it is unreachable or runs
into problems, the entire application will fail.
2. Low reliability: Only one server is present in this architecture, thus,
during high traffic times, users may experience slow response time or even web
application crash.
3. Difficult to maintain: All components of the backend infrastructure is kept
on a single server, so there will be downtime if a particular component
(i.e application server) needs to be maintained or scaled.
4. Low security: The server isn't protected by a firewall  which opens it up
to security threats.
